Good evening, family. Thank you for
joining us again today. We're going
to pray for President Trump tonight a
lot, and we're going to pray for our
nation a lot. There's a lot of stuff
going on with President Trump.
I
have told you
countless times about
the
necessity of
praying
for our president more than
we've ever prayed for him before,
especially
with the attacks that are on his
mind.
The things that we have seen,
I believe, are accurate and proved to be
so in the news
as we see some of the things that are
happening. Now, I know every time
I say something, I have everybody and
their brother emailing me saying he
didn't mean this or he didn't mean that.
It
happened at Easter time with
praise of law and the things that
happened. I said, "This is not normal."They
say,
"Well, he's just messing
around."How
do you know? Do you know
him?
I know him by the spirit. I pray for him
more than I pray for my own family.
And the Lord told me he's under attack.
Regardless of whether you want to receive
that or not, Sister Clipboard, it's the
truth.
I'm trying to tell you, we need to
intercede for this man more than
we
ever have before as the body of Christ.
The Lord
stood right here
and He came in and delivered me a
message one night. He said, "I don't
want you going live; I have something I
have to
say."So
I carried it for over a week and
brought it to people. And when I
delivered that message, boy, did I stir
up the whole internet with that word.
I
backed away from it because I said,
"Lord, I delivered it
exactly the way You said.
I didn't add to or take
away from anything."I said, "I
am
released from it."I walked away
and
didn't mention it again because of the
persecution and the hate I got from big
prophetic voices around the nations
telling me how false it was.
But
I said, "I'm seeing something
that's coming,
but most people don't see
that."I
said you must pray for him
regarding
an attack that's trying to come on his
mind and these things concerning his
flesh so that he's able to make it
through even midterms.
I said they'll
try to impeach him if they get
the House and the Senate. I
saw it in all the things that the
Lord has warned us about.
It's about a spirit of
pride;
pride is going to try to set in on
him.
It's that Antichrist spirit.
They're doing all these occultic things
against his life to try to take him
down.
Whenever you are not thinking right
and you are weak and tired, you need more
rest.
You do stupid stuff sometimes—all of us
do, regardless of who we
are. I'm not trying to dishonor anybody, but
we do things that you normally wouldn't
do if you had more rest
and
time
to think about things, and you're not
underneath the
persecution from the fake news media.
You've got all the weight of the
nations on your
shoulders
as you're trying to navigate through
this because we are in the last of the
last days. Whether you want to
acknowledge that or not, the signs of
the times are all around us.
One of the things that I want to
remind you of was in
2020.
The Lord showed us
on November 24th of
2020,
right after he won the election,
the Lord came. I was cleaning out
my car and He said this to me: "Trump will be known as a wartime
president."And I thought, "Well, that's not good."Trump will
be known as a wartime president. I told
Braden to look for that because I
remember
when
the Lord said
it.
He said, "Trump will be
known as a wartime
president."Then
where's
the
other clip?
The
one where I was sitting on
the couch
with mama?
This was on November
25th, the day after
Diana came on with me, and this is what
the Lord had me talk to you all about.
When I was praying today, the
Lord brought
up in my spirit that the
enemy is
going to try to make a
wartime president out of Trump
as a delay and a distraction
through his four years of what God's trying
to do.
The antichrist is trying to rise
up and provoke the bear right
now.
The Lord is wanting to give
an extended period of grace and peace to
the people
with blessing, increase, and favor
with what I've seen coming in 2025
and
2026. I've seen the
plague, I've seen the
crash—I've
seen all that. But I'm telling you,
whenever we prayed as hard as we did in
October, we were turning that ship. But
the enemy is not wanting to go
quietly.
We know we
have authority,
and we are seated with Jesus in the
heavenlies.
This is what the Lord has warned us
about—a
wartime president. And the Lord
said, "I want to give you more
time."If
we stand in
the gap and pray for President Trump,
we can turn this thing. As we were
turning it in prayer,
I told you about
the foundation for the new
industrial
revolution
in February. I gave that word
right after this; it was in
February. The Lord said a new
industrial revolution and all the crypto and
things that are
trying to happen.
We were praying against the
Supreme Court justice ruling against
the tariffs and the things that
were
trying to save America and our economy
from paddling. I saw the
pig again last night walking down the
road with President Trump. He is
going to present a pig in the days
ahead.
You will see a pig with lipstick on
that has eyeshadow and blush, and this
pig is going to look really nice and
pretty. He's going to be walking the
pig down the street, but the pig is
still a pig.
President Trump is going to parade
it.
And I saw a
transparent-looking
housing market that was trying to go
up but was not solid.
I could see through it.
I saw a wave that was small that
would try to be for the midterms, trying
to say everything's going to be
okay. This is just about
the American economy and the things
that I've seen concerning where we are
with the end times. We're about to see
the beast system come into play soon
concerning Europe and other
nations. But I
saw the Middle East rising up with MBS
and other nations like Iraq
that will have a brotherhood.
And he showed me the oil wealth and the
great fountains of wealth from the
Middle East. And I saw Babylon rising
again. I saw financial blessing coming
through oil wealth and things happening
through Saudi Arabia. And they would go
alongside crypto and have new crypto
legislation and join up with certain
crypto blockchain.
And so,
as we see what happened today—last night
when we were actually in prayer and he
posted the picture of him laying
hands like we
saw—I
had the benefit of the doubt to
say, 'Listen, man, he was trying to be a
disciple.'Then
he said he was trying to be a
doctor and all these other things.
People go, 'Are you going to continue
making
excuses for this man
like you did at Easter?'And I get the
emails. Listen, I don't make excuses for
anybody other than I just say, 'Hey, he's
tired.'Do
you believe, Brandon, that this could
be the Antichrist?
I don't believe that Trump is the
Antichrist.
Do I believe that the antichrist spirit—that demonic spirit
that I told you
is trying to come on the
nations—could
be influencing, trying to mess with him?
Yes.
I believe it's the same thing what I
told you. I saw them doing
virgin sacrifices in
Iran—I'm
sorry, excuse me, in Germany, in
the
Berlin area—and I saw them trying to
bring forth the Mahdi, this spirit
like a Hitler spirit over Europe with
major war,
and I saw World War III over Europe.
It was trying to bring forth what you're
about to hear right here. Why I brought
this?
Because I want you to play this, Braden.
Now, this was not a popular word, but I
know what I had. The visitation
where
Jesus stood there, right here in my house
in the vision
with three angels,
and it changed my life. These
experiences, the anointing, will change
you. And people say, 'I don't believe
it.'I
don't care what you believe. If you
don't want to believe it, fine. But if
you don't want to pray for him, then why
are you even here in the first place
other than just a troll? We need to pray
for our president because this is what I
saw trying to happen to him. Go ahead
and play this. This was back in January.
Can you play it?
The Lord Jesus came and told me,
'Your president is about to be taken
out by an
assassin.'He
said, 'I hold the church accountable
for what is about to take place in this
nation.'And
as I was sitting here,
I saw the whole thing pan out in front
of me. He showed the whole thing. The
angels were behind him. The glory came
into
my house. And I started yelling. I
said, 'Lord,
how is this going to happen? We
have prayed for this man. We have
interceded. We have stood in the gap.
We've done
everything.'And
he said, 'The church as a whole.
You're not the church by yourself,
Brandon. Their channel is not the church
by itself. The church as a mass
whole.'He
said pride has come into his heart.
Pride has come in and he has opened a
door
through counsel of ungodly people
advising him on what to do concerning
the nations.
And because he has opened this door from
counsel
and that demonic spirit that I
saw poking his brain,
influencing his thoughts,
the church is supposed to pray.
And the Lord showed me
decisions that were being made were not
what he wanted.
And because of these decisions, it was
opening a door for a demonic attack.
As I saw this and I saw pride fill his
heart and I saw arrogance starting to
slip into him,
I saw a covering that was not covering
him on his front side.
He was coming
down—it
looked like Air Force One or
something—and
I saw a man
a long ways away
with a.50 caliber
weapon
that had a scope on it that big. He
had a black stocking hat,
black shirt, black pants,
and
black combat boots,
and he was laying on his belly
focusing in.
When I saw this incident happen,
I saw the projectile go through his
body—it
was awful.
The Secret Service didn't even know in
this situation where to go. And I'm
telling you,
this is very serious to me.
And I'm telling you all, this is
very hard to even talk about this, but I
feel by the spirit of God, we must pray.
And I believe we can stop this.
I want to say that I'm a watchman and
even with the ear and everything that
the Lord has shown me, it's been very
precise, I believe, concerning this man's
life and praying for our economy, praying
for the things that I have seen.
And I love him. I love his family. And
I'm not here
to—I
want to make that very clear because I
know I have law enforcement watching
me—but
this is a very serious thing. I
brought it to the elders of the church
to pray and this is exactly what I
have seen.
And I bring the good, the bad, and the
ugly. I always do. And I'm
precise. I don't add to anything, and I
do not take away anything from it.
But as I saw what I saw,
I saw
this scope on this
firearm that was that big. It was huge.
And he was from a long ways. And he was
military trained and he
was Russian.
And I saw Macron and him
negotiating and talking things through,
and
it was Macron and the Russian government.
When this happened, I saw the Secret
Service looking everywhere. They
couldn't see how far it came or how
it happened, and they were in a panic on
the ground and I watched the
whole thing happen.
I saw immediately World War III pan across
my face and a major war broke out in
Europe
of the likes of which we've never seen before.
It was a retaliation immediately for
what just happened to our leader.
It was the most awful bombardment of
missile strikes because of what he has
set in place if anything ever happens to
him to retaliate immediately with
vicious force.
And when this happened, I saw a
bombardment the likes of which we've never seen
before of any generation
with conventional weapons. Like I told
you,
a wound
that will not be fatal to the church,
but it will bring the bride to the side.
It will shake the nations. It will shake
things.
As I have prayed over this,
I saw JD Vance
walking through oak trees.
They were black as onyx. They were all
spread out.
And every single oak tree was the same
around and the same height,
and they were all
barren with no leaves on them at all.
It looked like something that had been
charred by some kind of volcanic fire
or
some kind of something that the trees
were dead, but they were all identical.
And they looked all around him. And he
walked through these trees.
There was white snow or whatever this
was all over the ground. He was wearing
a black trench coat that went to the
mid of his calf,
similar to what he wears. It
looked
like a dark blue,
but I couldn't really tell because he
was black and white.
The trees were black. They all looked
the same.
And I think each tree represented a
year.
I believe from what I have seen there was
at least six to seven trees. I'm still
trying to go over it over and over
in my spirit. 'Lord, show me how many
trees that was and what did the trees
represent,'because
I know it was a metaphor.
There was something to this.
As I saw him walking through the snow
in
these trees, he went to the White
House and he sat down behind the desk.
He had a look on his face—not a smirk,
not a grin—but he was just looking
as I saw his wife pregnant.
She was big and pregnant. Her belly
button was sticking through her clothes
because of how pregnant she was.
She was standing behind the door
listening to the conversation that her
husband was having. She had a
Hindu-looking
outfit on that was pink with
outline embroidery with a green,
John Deere-colored belt on.
It was pink, green, and yellow,
and
it looked like something of
Middle Eastern descent like a
Hindu
shawl. Her face was not veiled.
It was a pink outfit.
As I watched this, and I say this very
carefully because I'm just telling
you what I saw in this visitation that I
had with
Jesus. Okay,
this is where I
am
cautious. I'm not accusing
anyone,
but I'm just telling you. I'm
not adding to, and I'm not taking away
from anything.
You
saw this couch;
it's not important to keep going.
This is what's been on my heart so heavy
today
because of the picture and because of other
things.
"Oh, he's just playing."No, this is
something that the Lord said is of the
heart.
There's something with the heart;
it's the motive behind the photo,
regardless if it's teasing
or
not. What I'm telling you is
that
it's trying to be a root
that's
displaying bad fruit.
And the Lord said, "Pray for this man.
He's under great pressure."And I'm
holding the church accountable to
intercede for Donald Trump.
I say this with great conviction to
warn you all of what I'm seeing is
trying to come to pass.
It's looking around you at photos like
this that are—well,
you know—and
he says, "I was trying to be a
doctor."People
are asking me, "Is he trying to be
the antichrist?"I
mean,
you can't imagine all the
emails I got today about this
photo and people being upset.
Well, he's just playing. Well, then he
said, "I'm just trying to pretend I'm a
doctor,"and
all these other things.
But
it obviously upset a lot of
you.
I just try to go, "I'm not
touching it because I know what I've
seen,"and
I know what the Lord has warned me
to pray and why I have taken this so
seriously: the call that's on my life to
intercede for America, to intercede
for the protection of His children,
to
intercede for his marriage and
his health, and to carry him
over the threshold into the end zone
because the Lord said he can't do this
without the body of Christ. He will not
make it.
The Lord said there would need to be one.
And I saw four major people picking him
up and carrying him
into the
end zone. He had
big concrete cinder blocks on his feet
and he was trying, but he couldn't make
it because he was working so hard at
doing this. And that's why I'm trying to
tell you tonight: we must pray for him.
Now, people are so upset. "I'm not
praying for him anymore. I can't believe
he's so blasphemous. He's
this. He's that."Oh my goodness. I told
you what I told you: pride. Remember,
pride
opens the door to his front side.
Pride enters into the man's heart and
opens a door.
That's what the Lord said.
Pride, arrogance. You like Jesus laying
hands on people? Listen,
this is the fruit
that is part of the root. Regardless if
you want to look at it or not, the root
is displaying some fruit.
You better listen to me.
You better pray for this man.
This is the most high alert. You should
be praying for our nation more than
you've ever prayed for America
before:
praying for the prayer agreement in May,
for the rededication, praying for our
nation, praying for all of it. Whenever
President Trump
said—and
Franklin Graham came out
and said,
"If you confess Jesus Christ as your Lord
and Savior,"and was trying to
encourage him that if you have Jesus
Christ, you're born again—he said, "I don't know
if I'll make it to heaven."He
doesn't
know
the things he said.
Listen, it's not my place to ever judge
a man. My place is to do what Jesus
asked me to do when He stood right here
and said, "Pray for
him."I'm
asking you
as a fellow believer to really, really
get your head out of the sand and really
look around you at the signs of the
times and the pressure that one might be
facing right now, more than what you
could ever comprehend. I said he was at
the Resolute Desk, and
he was writing down, and he was trying
to think, and I saw a demonic
attack against his mind;
it looked
like a black bird.
Then I saw a big peacock
on the
Capitol;
it was wrapped
around the Capitol, but the feathers
were not all feathered out. And I saw
JD Vance with a
massive bobblehead—his neck was not
strong and it was bobbling all
around—and
he was looking toward the White House.
And I saw Rubio with huge eyes at
the bottom of the steps looking at him.
You remember
as Trump was no longer there,
I saw a peacock over that area. And I've
tried to warn you about all this stuff
to pray. Do I feel like JD Vance is a
bad man? I'm not going to sit and
say,
"I know JD Vance."I haven't
prayed for JD Vance like I've prayed
for Donald Trump.
That's not a fair statement.
I know I've seen in part and
heard
in part concerning JD Vance
and concerning if he will be president
in 2028.
Praying for Rubio,
praying for the next term if the Lord
tarries.
I pray with all my heart, y'all,
that Jesus Christ comes back this next
Shemitah
cycle and we're not here.
If that's the case,
we're right at the edge of the revival
that could take place any time in
the
summer. And I told you it will be
toward the summer months when the Lord
showed me that it would
start—the
revival would start in the summer months
and go all the way—and then all the
things that I've seen, that we will go
into the Shemitah cycle
when this timeframe takes place.
Is that this one going into 2028, 2029?
God, I hope so.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
But if it is not, it is because we
know that the tribulation is a
Shemitah
cycle of seven years.
So we believe—what
I believe—is
that the tribulation will be at
the
beginning of a Shemitah cycle of a
seven-year
timeframe.
So, the end of this seven-year cycle is
2028, 2029.
That would be the time of this. That's
why I have to keep telling you.
I know I'm seeing into the
tribulation. I don't know what
year this is—2028? I'm going past 2028.
I don't know. There's a lot of people
who
say, "Brandon, we have
fifty-six
years left, at least
a
hundred
years."I
don't believe that. I truly believe
with all my heart that Jesus Christ is
waiting for the harvest.
The Lord said, "I'm standing at the door
I have long patience for it."But now, I'm no
longer out of
patience—I
am
out of
time.
This dispensation of grace is coming to
an end.
So God's never going to run out of
patience. He loves us. But there is a timeframe
that's
been set into
motion of when He knows when it's going
to happen. Right? So we know that the
domino is about to fall.
Are you ready?
The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers are few.
And He said, "I want my harvest.
Brandon,
help me.
Will you help me?"I saw Jesus's hands
and He had massive holes in His
hands—they're
huge. You could see the wheat
blowing through them.
The
wounds on His hands from the nails were
almost like they took
a massive amount of flesh out
of
them.
What He suffered, no man can
comprehend—those
that saw it.
It's amazing that the lashes,
the wounds that He took upon His back
didn't kill Him there on
the whipping post.
But God,
isn't He amazing that He took all of it
for you to walk in health, healing, and
not have to be bound by the devil's
torment, not have to be bound by
sickness and disease. He said, "By my
stripes, you're healed."But not only
that,
He carried the cross to Golgotha. He
died and He suffered greatly even
there with those nails going in His feet
and His hands. He got the piercing in His
side from the soldier.
Isn't Jesus amazing
that He did that all for you and me?
And He doesn't want that any man should
perish, but all come to repentance.
Right now, He's leaving the ninety-nine and
He's going after the one. Even right
now, I'm trying to tell you, you must be
born again.
Unless a man is born again, he will not
enter into the kingdom of God unless
you confess Jesus Christ as your Lord
and Savior.
You're not going to make it. There is no
other way to heaven other than by him.
I tried to tell you all what's coming:
a storm as I saw it. I said, "Pray
over the Knicks and the Boston Celtics.
Pray over Boston in that marathon this
weekend. Pray over the Red Cross. Pray
over these things."I see the Red Cross. The
Lord said, "intercede for these major
cities and for mass transit systems.
Pray for the oil wells.
Pray for your oil wells in Houston.
Pray for them in Tuttle. Pray for them
in this."He
said because they're a
target
for
you. There is an enemy that is within.
There's a mole, as we've heard even
President Trump say; there are moles in
our camp leaking information. There's
all these things.
I
sense
the urgency of the hour
today. Diana goes, "What's wrong with
you?"I
said, "I feel it.
I feel the pressure. I feel
there's something shifting and I feel
there's something wrong. And I'm trying
to pray it off, pray it down. I'm
interceding in my heart today as I felt
it
concerning America, concerning President
Trump, concerning the decisions he's
making, concerning the valley of
decision."I
said, "I saw a fork in
the road,"and I said, "It will be
determined on how we pray."The Lord
said, "Brandon, I'll give you more time.
If my people who are called by my name
will humble themselves and
pray."He
said, "I will hear. You will
hear from heaven. I will heal your land,
Brandon. But look, it's going this
way."Do
you see it going this way? I could
see it. And Donald Trump was going down
the path again, the wrong way. Why? I
believe that people just want to pray
and they go, "Well, Brandon, I just
don't have time to dedicate with you, to
hear you talk about salvation all the
time."You
know what? This is a prayer
channel. Why aren't you praying more?
My heart is the harvest.
My heart is prayer, but my heart is
definitely the harvest. I know what
it feels like to be so lost.
And my heart goes out to every single
one of you that doesn't know Jesus Christ
and you're on the edge of eternity and
you could spend eternity in hell and you
don't even realize it.
The moment you take your last breath,
the moment your heart stops beating,
where will you spend eternity?
And most of you have no clue.
This is the most serious hour of any
generation that we've ever had
touch this earth.
We're at the last of the last seconds
before the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ. And many of you are still asleep.
I plead with you tonight once again:
you must become born again.
You must invite Jesus Christ to be your
Lord and personal Savior. You're running
out of time.
As we see the wheels and the
grinding of eternity and all the
things that are happening right now with
the end times and the Strait and all
the things that are going on with Russia
and China and all the stuff. This is an
acceleration just like the Lord said.
There'll be five major shakings in these
last days. There'll be a shaking in the
heavens.
There'll be a shaking in the earth's
crust. There'll be a shaking of
politics and wars and rumors of wars.
There'll be a shaking in the church. And
there'll be a shaking in the finances.
And we're seeing it all at one time.
People are talking about if we don't
get this opened up, if all this stuff
going on, it looks like the world is
going into a great recession, maybe even
a great depression.
What are we going to do?
The sky is falling, Chicken Little. I
said this is all by design.
Why?
Because it has to have a
digital currency to bring forth a
one-world
digital dollar that will put in
your arm, your hand, or your forehead that
you will have to scan to pay for
stuff in the days ahead.
It all is falling into place for the
coming of the Lord. Is it five years? Is it
two
years? Is it seven? I don't know. All I
know is I am always looking up because
I know my redemption draws nigh. And the
moment I know that we start to see the
glorious outpouring, I know we're right
there.
I'm looking for the people and our
brothers that are lost, our sisters that
are lost, that are wayward, that he's
coming and he's going after the 99. He's
leaving the 99 to go after the one.
Maybe he's going after the 99 and
leaving the one because that's how much he
wants. He wants them all. I'm telling you,
Jesus wants them all. He doesn't want
that anyone should perish. Do you
understand? John 3:16 is the big one. We
put up big banners over everything.
John 3:16: "For God so loved the
world,"brother.
But he does and he did.
And he's after you.
He's after you right now.
And I know I've already taken a lot of
time trying to talk about what I've
talked about, but I want to just do it
real quick. If you're
here right now and you've never asked
Jesus Christ
to be your Lord and personal Savior,
tonight's your night.
No one's promised tomorrow.
No one is.
You could die in your sleep tonight, but
if you did, where would you spend
eternity? There's a heaven to gain and a
hell to shun.
It's time to come off the fence. It's
time to stop playing church.
There's so many of you all
that you're just so close to your
breakthrough of what you've been
believing for.
And the devil's thrown everything he
has at you,
trying to get you discouraged and to get
you to be weary in well-doing. And in
doing so, you've walked away from
your first love.
And he's never left you. He said, "I'll
never leave you. I'll never forsake
you."But
you've turned your back on
him. And tonight you have an opportunity
to say, "I'm selling out to you. I'm
sorry. I repent. I'm coming
home."So
if that's you tonight and maybe
you say, "Brandon, I've
never asked Jesus Christ to be my Lord
and personal Savior,"well, tonight's
your night. What are you waiting on?
He's at the door of your heart and
he's knocking. Will you let him in?
No matter if you're a Jew, a
Buddhist, or a Muslim, or whatever,
Jesus Christ died for you and he wants
you to make him your Lord and personal
Savior.
You must invite him.
You've
got to confess him.
got to believe with your heart.
So, I want you just to say a simple
prayer with me, but I want you to be bold
about your decision real quick. Let's
do this real quick.
We're on the verge. This could be your
eternity right here. This is it.
All heaven's watching. All hell's
anticipating. What are they
going to do?
Are they going to make
the decision tonight? We're going to
keep tormenting. We're going to keep
beating them down until we get to beat
them down even more when they get here
if they don't.
But heaven's up there going, "You're
right there at the goal line. It's time
for you to make a touchdown."It's time
for you to go and step over and do
the greatest decision, the best decision
you could ever possibly make is to
accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and
personal Savior.
I want to say a simple prayer for
you. A five-year-old could say it.
It doesn't have to be religious; it just
has
to be about relationship and it has
to come from your heart.
If that's you tonight, say in the
comments
section right now, "I want to be
saved.
I want to be saved. Tonight's my night.
I want to give it all to Jesus."And I'm
just going to pray for you right now.
But you have to repeat this prayer after
me and say it with your whole heart. Say,
"Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
Jesus, I turn my back tonight on the
devil.
I turn my back on my sin
and I don't want to do it
anymore.
And from this day forward, I dedicate my
heart to you.
I dedicate my life to you, Lord.
I make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life.
And from this day forward, I will serve
you with all my heart.
Jesus, if I was to die tonight, I want
to be with you in paradise forever.
I thank you Lord that you
have forgiven me. I thank you
Lord that I am now born
again."I
thank you, Lord, that I am yours and
you are mine, and I will walk with you
the rest of my life,
and you walk with me.
Change me.
Create in me a clean heart.
Teach me your ways.
I need you.
I can't do this life anymore without
you.
I'm so thankful that you're giving me
this fresh, clean start tonight
and I am made new.
Amen and amen. I believe if you just
said that simple prayer, you just asked
Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal Savior,
I believe you're born again. Behold, all
things have become brand new. And I just
want to say, welcome to the family.
But what do you do now? You find a
Bible-believing church. You've got to get
plugged into church. You've got to go to
church. Tell the pastor there, "I need
to be water-baptized."Get
water-baptized.
Get plugged in there.
Go on Wednesdays and Sundays. Go to
prayer meetings. Whatever you can do to
get plugged in there. Find a Bible.
Read the Bible every day. The Bible says
that you will know the truth, and the
truth of God's Word will set you free.
You
might have demonic spirits that you
might need deliverance from or whatever,
but the ultimate thing that's
ever going to set you free is the Word
of God.
Even if you've got
critters—I
always call them demonic
spirits—and
you get them
cast out, they'll come back with eight
more of their buddies if you don't get
this Word inside of you. You've got to get
this Word down inside of you; then
it's a pillar in your life. And when
you get that Word down inside of you, it
will change you from the inside out.
So if you don't have a Bible and you
would like to have a Bible, you say,
"Brandon, can I have one?"We would love to
bless you with your first Bible. If you
just said the sinner's prayer with us,
we want to send you a Bible for free.
You just have to email us in the
description down below and say,
"Tonight's my night. I gave my heart to
Jesus Christ. Give us your name, your
address, and how to mail it to
you, and we'll mail it to
you"absolutely
for free. No questions asked. We just
want to love on you and tell you welcome
to the family. But we will ask you to
like, subscribe, and click the
notification bell and be a part of our
YouTube channel. Come over here and be a
part of it and pray with us every
day. And we believe the best is yet to
come for you. Welcome home. I don't know
how many—did anybody get saved?
72 people.
That's wonderful.
The spiritual pressure has been very
intense today
and I'm so thankful for all 72 people.
That's awesome.
Welcome home.
Welcome
home.
You know,
like
I said, the spiritual pressure
was so intense today
concerning
Trump.
And
I told the Lord, I said, "I'll do this
broadcast tonight."And I'm so thankful I
did,
for
all 72 of you.
It's wonderful.
62 last night, 72 tonight. And that is
awesome. I'm so thankful that you all
came tonight. And I appreciate you
sticking around. We'll pray together and
you can learn more about prayer and
stuff. It's pretty cool.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
64 last night, 72 today. That's so far
out of the emails. But a lot of people
are
coming to the Lord, and so we're so
thankful for
every one of you. I'm trying not to just
cry my eyes out and so I'm trying to
hold it together.
I've
got work to do
tonight. I can't sit here and cry.
We've
got work to do.
There's a lot here concerning our nation
and we're in a storm.
There's a lot of things I saw last
night
concerning the storm
before even all this nonsense and what's
going on with our nation. So, let's take
communion and pray. Who wants to go
tubing now? I did it pretty quick. I did
it faster for you. "Hey, Brandon, you
take too long"—we did it pretty
fast. Fastest altar call, fastest thing
I've done.
I'm trying. I asked the Lord,
"Make me more effective.
Help me
not to waste people's time talking
too much and to jump in the river and to
flow with you
and bring in the
lost."Jesus,
we thank you, Father, for your
body that was broken for us.
I
feel
the anointing so strong.
It's been a rough couple of days,
and I'm just thankful whenever I
feel the presence of the Lord like that;
it's refreshing to my flesh.
And then when you push so hard and you
get breakthrough and you're praying through
things and
you see what the Lord warns me
about—and
there's a lot of things I've not been
able to talk
about—and
you see the seriousness of the hour
concerning this nation
and there's so many people that don't
see it and they're asleep,
and I want to yell it as loud as I can
from the mountaintop.
But there's some things that you can't
talk about because he instructs you not to,
and you carry it and you hold it and
it's like a
1,000-pound
weight on top of you,
and then you get on the other side
of it in prayer and you're
so thankful
when you see breakthrough with
souls.
That's what it's all about to me
and all the other doesn't matter.
I already know what's going to come for
America. I already know what's coming
for this world and a great revival
with what I believe is the greatest
harvest of souls we've ever seen before.
But what is it
going to take to get there?
It
takes
this group of people that are here
tonight that already seem to
be—a
lot of
you—awake,
but the vast majority are asleep.
And the Lord's calling every
single one of us and tugging every
single one of our hearts.
Let's take communion real quick.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your
body.
I thank you, Father, that you
became sickness. You became
everything for me. And in Galatians
3,
Christ has redeemed me from the
curse of the law.
And we take this body right now in the
name of Jesus. And we thank you, Lord,
that by your stripes we're healed.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you for the blood. Father, we make
much of the blood and the blood makes
much of us.
We apply the blood
over us and we thank you, Lord,
that no weapon formed against us will
prosper.
No weapon formed against us is going to
prosper
because we believe in the
power of the blood of Jesus.
We believe that it's never lost its
power
and great is your faithfulness
now. Father, we thank you, Lord,
that we apply the blood over us. And
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we
cover our minds, our emotions, our
bodies in Jesus'name. We thank you,
Lord, that we hear your voice and a
stranger's voice we will not follow. We
thank you, Lord, that we are not
ensnared
by any satanic or demonic force.
I thank you, Lord, that we hear and see
only what you want us to see and hear.
If you want us to see or hear anything,
Father, we're not here to perform.
We're always here just to be with you.
And Father, we'll pray your
heart—what's
on your heart to pray for
this nation. And Father, if we just
touch the bases of the things you've
already given us, that's fine.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we do
our job and we do it with great victory
in the name of Jesus. And we lack no
good thing because, Holy Spirit, you're
with us. And we take this blood in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Father,
that it never loses its power. Amen and
amen. You believe that tonight?
Hallelujah.
All right.
I've been drinking my minerals because of
the food I've been eating trying to
lower my calories. I haven't had
my minerals like I should. So,
Diana got me some minerals and put them in
the water. And I'm telling you, it
doesn't
taste that great. But I'm thankful
for the potassium and stuff in it.
And
for
the
lady—somebody,
whoever sent me this little footrest,
thank you.
I got it from you in the mail
today.
And it's nice for my feet. I've got my feet
on it tonight. They sent me a footrest.
I don't have to put them on my trash can
anymore.
Paisley put it together for me.
She said, "Daddy, you've got to have that
tonight for prayer."I said, "Yep,
thanks."It
keeps my feet up so they
don't fall asleep on me.
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for
tonight's prayer time.
We lift up this time, we lift up
this nation,
and we lift up our President before You.
I really don't even know how to pray for
him in English, so I'm just going to
pray in tongues like I have been
because I've exhausted my English.
You know what's interesting
is the Lord's praying; we were praying
instantaneously. I'm looking and we're
looking at the Ark of the Covenant
again. He wants that to come forth.
His heart is about the harvest. I'm
telling you, His heart is the harvest.
We know the outcome, but the world will
know the signs that follow them that
believe. Watch; He's about to
shake the church. He's awakened the
church and signs will follow them. He's
the God of signs. I'm hearing it
again: "I am the God of
signs,"and
signs and wonders will follow them
that believe.
If you just believe Me, all things are
possible to him who believes.
He's the God of signs,
wonders,
miracles, demonstrations, and
manifestations of the glory.
We pray over Marco Rubio. We
pray over Cuba. We say in the name of
Jesus, "Cuba, your day of deliverance is
at hand."I hear the horns. You know what? Play that
one film clip on The Ten Commandments where the
day of deliverance is at
hand.
The
great
shaking
to
awaken
is at
hand. I hear the sound of an abundance
of rain. Cuba, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, Colombia—a
great shaking to awaken is
coming to
South America.
This is concerning Panama.
I
see a cobra snake
and I see the Lord Jesus Christ.
He put His foot down on the cobra snake,
and I see a sandal—a Holy Ghost sandal
with the toes coming out. And I see a foot
squashing that cobra snake's head. It
was flared up and moving
across the land, and it was on Panama.
I saw a great
giant foot come up out of the
heaven and
it was like "Boom!"on the land, and that
snake was slithering and He crushed
its
head.
Play it, Braden, play it.
This is what it sounded like over Cuba.
That's what it sounded like
when I was praying in the Spirit.
He said, "The day... it's time. It's the
day.
This is it. It's time to push this thing
through for the people of Cuba.
It's time; liberation hour.
We call them free. We call
revival over the land
in the name of Jesus.
Over Iran, over Iraq, over all
of Africa, over Asia—it's time for a
great liberation, a shaking to awaken
across the land from sea to shining sea
all around this globe. We call a major
revival in the name of Jesus. No more
holding back. The glory of the Lord is
risen on us. Arise and shine, for the
light has come and the glory of the Lord
is risen on us. We're calling a great
revival in the White
House. We say,
"You'll not have
him. We'll not let
you."We
plead the blood
over his mind. Satan,
get your hands off of him! We apply the
blood over President Trump,
over his cabinet, over JD Vance, over
his wife, over
all of them.
I don't know all their names, but God, You
do.
And we call them, Father, he takes no
counsel from the ungodly. And we say a
stirring inside of them in
Jesus'name.
I thank You, Lord, that his heart remains
humble before You.
Father, You're not done with him
yet. We lift him across the finish
line that he will finish his job.
I don't care
what kind of plan or plot the devil has.
We plead the blood of Jesus over him:
that a thousand shall fall at his side
and 10,000 at his right hand, but nothing
shall come nigh him.
I thank You that the angels of the Lord
are camped all around and about him.
We plead the blood over Don Jr., Eric,
Tiffany, Barron, and
Ivanka. We pray over his
grandchildren—Kai
and the others that I don't know
their names, but God, You do.
And we cover every single one of them in
the blood that there would be no
distraction to cause any kind of pain or
sorrow in the house.
His mind is thinking clearly to lead
this nation.
Father, we lay down the
persecution;
we're persecuted for the Word's
sake.
People are going to hate you because
they hated You, Lord.
We're getting used to it now.
But Lord, I thank You that we are
so sold out to You. Donald Trump is so
sold out to You. He is looking to You
and just like David, he inquires of
the Lord about everything:
"Can we take this land?
What do we do
next?"I'm
inquiring of the Lord. I'm sitting
at
Your feet. I will not move my
military; I will not do anything until I
hear Your still, small voice on the
inside of me. Even if there's writing
on the wall, Father, I thank You, Lord,
that
it's
so loud to him that he
would hear You and he would take no
ungodly counsel from those
around him. Father, he only takes the
godly counsel.
I pray over the Secret Service that
they're more attentive and alert
and they have discernment—even if they
don't even realize it's You, Holy
Ghost—that
You would speak to them and they
would hear Your voice and not follow the
stranger's voice.
I thank You, Lord, that his mind
is sound.
Second Timothy 1:7 says, "God
has not given him a spirit of fear, but
of power and of love and of a
well-balanced mind."I take authority
over dementia and Alzheimer's and
whatever is going on. Father, I
thank You, Lord, that his mind is clear
and he thinks like he's young again, that
his youth is renewed like the eagles and
You fill his mouth with good things. I
thank You, Lord, that he will live long
and finish strong.
I believe, Father,
that You've
appointed him and You've called him for
such a time as this.
We always inquire of the Lord and we
stay on Your side.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we
have favor with You.
When we inquire of the Lord and
put You first
in
every area of our life, we humble
ourselves before You and in due time You
said You would exalt
us and do what needs to be done.
You tell us, "Hey, this is the direction
you
need to
go."And
we will be quick to
obey, for the willing and
obedient will eat the good of the land.
It's time for us, the Body of Christ, to eat the
good of the land.
People want to debate: should you tithe,
should you not tithe? I just want to be
abundantly blessed. I give, Father,
praise for everything that You've blessed
us with.
We tithe because our heart is right
before You. Oh Lord, we want to be
willing and obedient and eat the good
land.
God loves
you;
He has a plan for your life. Spiritual
law is seedtime and harvest.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also
reap.
I believe there's thirty, sixty,
and a hundredfold.
I believe, Father, You give us
exceedingly, abundantly above all that we
dare ask or think,
but it's out of the seeds that you sow.
Seedtime,
harvest.
And I believe, Father, it's time for the
sowers and the reapers to go hand in
hand.
The sowers and the reapers to go hand in
hand. We thank you, Lord, that there
is
no more lack in
anyone's house represented here
tonight. They are believing for the
exceedingly abundantly above all that
they dare ask or think in their house,
in their marriages, and in their children.
Their wayward children are coming
home; we're calling them home in Jesus'name.
We are
calling in deliverance over
their households that they may say,
"I was once lost, but now I am
found because Jesus Christ paid the
price for me to walk in victory."He paid
the price for me to walk in
wholeness, Shalom.
I see that. Father, we call in the rain
all the way to North Carolina, South
Carolina, Florida,
Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky,
Tennessee,
New Jersey, all the way through Ohio and Iowa.
Father, we call for the rain
in
Pennsylvania
and
Illinois; we call for rain.
We speak rain over our area. We will not
have drought, and our crops will bear
fruit in the name of Jesus over this
land because You said, "If My people, who
are called by My name, will humble
themselves and pray,
then we will hear from heaven and You
will heal our land."We're not just
wanting a fruit of blessing, but
Father, we want revival in our land
from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf
to Canada. We call for revival in the name
of Jesus. We pray over Mike Lindell. We
pray over his mind, his
heart, and his body. He will be strong, and
there
will
be the greatest red wave over
Minnesota we've ever seen before. We
call for a red wave over California and
for
the voter fraud to be uncovered and
brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We pass the Save America Act, and we
will not hesitate anymore. This is a
no-brainer.
Get it done in the name of Jesus.
I see that
there
is a
dark figure
concerning the Save America Act, and it's up
toward Pennsylvania
and
around
New-York.
Whatever this is right
here,
it's right in here.
There is a principality-looking figure
that is holding this up, and I see it's
with funding.
It's black.
Yes,
that is New York City.
They
live way up in the top of this
tower.
They live up in the top of the tower.
I see these gargoyles. I stand
over that. It's
so interesting.
I plead the blood over me and my
children. I plead the blood over my wife.
I plead the blood over me.
I see that
this person is deep into the occult.
Thank you, Lord.
They have these
protection spells.
When you started praying, we prayed
against it. I could see it was
penetrating.
It's the money that's
behind them, influencing
these politicians.
I see great wealth,
billions of dollars, influencing
politicians concerning why the Save
America Act has not passed.
The root of the fruit is funding.
That's why the body of Christ has to
rise up with money.
This is
dark.
Who is that behind those walls? Lord,
who's there hiding in that house?
Darkness.
I'm seeing the 1500s. It's
generational.
I see
a
cross;
it looks like a
red cross.
I see Paris. I see
what
looks similar to stainless steel
and I see a crest.
As you go inside this place,
there's so much darkness. It looks like
bats.
I'm in this castle
or
mansion. It's a
beautiful home
outside, but on the inside, there
are
many bats roosting in the
top of this house.
I see these
crests
and covenants that were made to
demonic spirits.
It's generational.
The wealth is generational. It's a
spirit.
Now
I see Canada and France.
It has to do with Carney,
and I see Carney's face.
It's the
bankers.
There's great wealth.
But
the Save America Act
is blocked
by this entity.
The Lord says you see
this demonic spirit. It
looks
like a bull with horns
but it's on two legs. A bull on two legs. It's a bull that looks like a matador, and it's on two legs.
It's
completely blacked out with a
bull's
nose and a hoop in
its
nose. This
is
what's over
this.
I see the matadors
and
the bull horns on the head
of this thing. It's a black outline
and looks like a
cow on two legs
standing like a human.
He's not using his front hooves; he's
using only his back ones, standing
up and walking around.
The Lord says this is the
root of the fruit of why this is not
being passed. There are the votes,
but
there's a demonic spirit over
this. I see it's
connected to a
triangle that goes from there to Canada,
to Toronto, into
England and France, and it comes back
like a triangle.
It goes into Spain.
I see
the
word
"Spain"and
I see
bulls.
The Lord said
it truly does not matter the
origin;
this is
the root of the fruit.
He's showing me more. He
said this doesn't matter. It's the
people with the
masks,
the
masquerade with dresses
and capes with hoods.
I'm seeing the hoods
again—black-hooded
people and purple-hooded people with
masquerade
masks.
It's dark,
but
we know how to deal with that, Lord. We
thank You, Lord, that we have
victory
and
that this Save America Act will get
pushed through.
Father, I thank You.
It's a wall in the spirit.
It's that Illuminati wall.
I see a wall,
and
it's connected to abortion. Abortion
gives it strength.
I see babies, embryos,
little babies that
you would even
consider a human life form, aborted.
I see the blood of the babies upon
the altar concerning this bull.
I see abortion
and
Planned Parenthood;
it's a sacrifice
of Planned Parenthood that
gives this
access. I
hear "access."This is the access point
for funding:
the blood of the
innocent
to the bull.
And I see it over New York,.
It goes to France
and Canada.
Abortion
is
the fruit
that feeds it.
It's very dark.
It's a bull,
and
it feeds on the babies.
But it's the blood of
the womb,
the blood of the
mother, and the blood of
the baby.
It's sacrifice and witchcraft
attached to it. It goes
from Canada into Toronto
and
over into France. The Lord said, "This is
what's causing this. This is
the root cause
to try to not let
Save America
pass."It
goes back to the 1500s. I
see dates
flipping
on a calendar. The
Lord says,
"You see
the root;
it's
a prayer assignment to those
who
will take it."This is
the route
to save America
because the blood of the innocent cries
out.
The blood of the innocent cries out
before me.
He said the blood of the innocent, the
unborn,
is
an act of an occultic,
satanic ritual.
The blood of the innocent
goes into
California.
I see the one that has a mask.
I see the one that would slither on his
belly to try to be in the White House.
I see the one that's next to him,
and I see a purple cape.
The only thing that's ever going to save
America is the Lord Jesus.
No Save America Act,
just Jesus.
He said, 'I'm the only one that's going to
save America, Brandon.
The only one that can cause a shaking to
awaken your nation.
A Save America Act won't save
America.'And
that's why I see the root of this.
He said, 'It is a
nation that turns back to
me.'No
matter if you vote it through or not,
the only thing that's ever going to save
America, I hear the Holy Spirit say,
is an awakening unto me.
I see the glory back in the churches. He
said, 'It's just like it was in the
Welsh
revival.
I'll empty the bars, the clubs,
and
the places of
partying.
Turn back to me.
Churches will be on fire, you will
see.'From
all across the land, all
across Europe, and all across Africa,
turn
to him. It's an awakening unto him
that will save the land.
Oh, Asia!
I feel the fire of the Holy Ghost.
I feel the fire of the Holy Spirit all
over my head and my body,
stirring me from the inside out.
Father,
fire
is
shut up in my bones.
That
Holy Ghost fire is shut up in my
bones.
We've got the victory
that overcomes
the world, even over our flesh. Father, I
thank you. We have the victory.
And
the greatest move over
Seattle, San Francisco, Los
Angeles,
Sacramento,
Chicago,
Minneapolis,
and
Dallas.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord.
All the border towns, all the
border cities, all these border
places. Oh Lord, we thank you
that the Holy Ghost and fire is resting
on our pastors, our teachers, our
evangelists, and our prophets.
It's
just like fire
shut up in my bones.
I see it;
it's change. He said, 'You're attacking the
spirit.
You're changing the heart of the
individual doing the
act.'It's
their choice to go and have an
abortion if they're coached to do
it, but you can change that by revival in the
area.
Holy Ghost and fire
changes people from the inside out
when
they make the decision to have
an abortion or not. If you feel so
trapped, if you feel so broken, thinking 'I can't
do this,'and the devil
tries
to lie to you
with
a bombardment on your mind,
it's satanic because I see the
witchcraft against it pulling
the innocent to it.
It's almost like a tractor beam.
Regardless of the young person who
gets
pregnant,
that tracker beam
of witchcraft is pulling the
individual for blood.
We need more blood, more
sacrifice,
more on this altar to give
that demon
power.
But it's pulling the
individual to a reprobate mind. If
the Holy Ghost and fire comes in the
church and you start having revival,
there'll be people having babies
everywhere,
and they'll give them up
for adoption. Maybe a
God-fearing family would take them. Do you
understand? I see it; it's changing
things. And then they won't have
premarital sex—they shouldn't be
doing that anyway.
It's all just changing a culture.
It's an awakening unto God in
the culture
to bring revival back to the churches
that brings people who
say,
'I'm going to
abstain and keep myself
pure for marriage.
I'm going to keep myself
in a place of
purity because the Holy Ghost and fire is
flowing in here and I want to be a part
of it.'You reject sin.
You don't open your body
up
to be that way
because you're getting
purified by the fire.
It all starts in the churches
with revival and an awakening
unto
God.
The devil's problem is because of an
immoral problem.
The immoral problems all
compound.
What I'm seeing in the spirit, the Lord
said, 'You're praying against this, but
if you focus your prayers
over here
and pray for revival to come in the
churches and for pastors to preach
repentance and holiness,
it's
going to start to eliminate
this.'As
it was in the Welsh revival,
look what I can do in America.
Then
they're all in the church,
having the Holy Ghost and fire,
and people aren't sleeping around, being out of wedlock, and
having
abortions.
Does that make sense?
It's attacking the root of the
fruit.
It's all going back to the church
preaching the Holy Ghost and fire and
not a lukewarm gospel
of
skinny jeans and fog machines.
We're just trying to
accommodate the young people so
they'll come back to church, but if you
get the Holy Ghost and fire in there and
change them from the inside out, you
can have skinny jeans and fog machines,
but just have the Holy Ghost
when you get there.
You'll have a glory cloud and you
won't have to fake it.
It's all about how bad you want
the Spirit in your life. How do you want
to change from glory to glory?
Then the husbands and the wives pray, you
get the
family going, you have
dinner time, you pray again as a family
before you go to bed, you anoint each
other, and you take communion.
A family that prays
together stays together and
doesn't
deviate into bad
places. You've got to have a praying
husband and a praying wife.
If
you're single, you're praying for
a godly spouse, but it's
all based in and rolls out of prayer.
What I'm seeing,
he says, 'You're attacking a spirit,
but the problem is the
church.'You
say, 'Well, you've got to attack
abortion,'but
he said, 'Bring Holy Ghost and fire into
the
church.'If
you
don't want that in here,
then find a place where
he
is
wanted.
Find a place that will let him flow
and God will take just
300—look
what he can do.
You'll change a nation with just 12; he
changed
the world with 12.
The glory came, and people were like,
'This is something we've never
seen before.'But look at how many of us
are wall-to-wall Holy Ghost. If we would
just do with what we have.
You say, 'I need more,'but what have
you done with what he's given you?
Be faithful with little, and he'll give you
more.
You're
already wall-to-wall Holy
Ghost. Flow with what he's already given
you.
I was asking him about
that, 'Lord, I want the healing in my
hands. I want to lay hands on
people.'He
said, 'It's not a toy.
It's not for show, Brandon. It's not to
draw people to you. It's always to draw
them to
me.'It's
not about attracting
people to me. It's about attracting them
to Him.
What do you want it for? Are you
going to go out and do something? You're
buying a camera. What are you going to
do with it?
It's not for play.
People shouldn't be playing around with stuff. He
said, "Don't."This is about
gifts of service; they're gifts to make
a harvest come in.
You know,
it's not for
play. People act immature
and stupid with it.
But the Lord said you must
use it—it's a tool, like a
hammer is to a carpenter,
or
a screwdriver is to
someone
who's using it. You know,
everything is used for service
to get the job done.
Gifts are for service
to get the job done, but it's always to
give Him glory.
Never attract anything to
yourself;
always give Him glory.
Seeing in the spirit, like I just did,
is to give Him glory.
What are we praying for? Revival.
What are we praying for? A shaking to
awaken. What is the root of it? A
demonic spirit that has set a stronghold
from the 1500s plus. I'm looking way
back deep.
It is attached to Europe, goes to
Canada, and it's all over this area. And
the Lord said this demonic spirit
is
a stronghold. There are bats on the
top of this house, and there
are
people with masks on,
all making sacrifices for financial gain
to a demonic spirit that
is
demanding it through
abortion—the
blood of the innocent.
Interesting, huh,
Braden?
Very interesting, all this that the Lord
showed us tonight. I wonder...
it's all the root going to
the fruit of revival. Brandon,
the only thing is not saving America
to save America; it's an awakening
unto
God that will save America.
What will save America? A revival.
If you have the Save America Act
passing,
you're still dealing with the root of
the fruit of darkness.
The darkness is bound by the
blood of the Lamb.
But you must walk in the authority of
the believer and teach people that they
have that authority to do it.
It's not being taught at church.
That's why Sister
Billye
Brim has that book, The Authority
of the Believer. And Diana is
determined to memorize that book.
Paisley's almost memorized
all that, and she can quote it;
she says it from memory now. I'm
trying to train Paisley to know
the authority of the believer. She's
a little girl, but if you
can get it into her now,
when she gets older,
that
devil better run.
I
want that in my kids.
Understand who you are.
God gave you power and authority to
tread on serpents and scorpions, and
nothing shall by any means hurt you. But
you must know it.
And you must understand that according
to Ephesians—read Ephesians over
and over again—we are seated with Him
in the heavenlies.
And that devil is subject to us; bow
down in the name of Jesus! But it's
going to take a church that has a
backbone like a crowbar rising up in
these last days and preaching Holy Ghost
and fire in the pulpits. That's the only
thing that's going to save
America—not
Trump,
not the Save America Act, but
a
revival in Minnesota, California, and all
these areas.
And you're going to see it
as we continue to pray.
It's interesting. I go down this.
Lord, I'm not satisfied with what
we've
prayed for so far tonight.
I'm thankful that You
show us, but Lord, stir in the pastors;
that's what my heart is for the
people.
Stir in them. We see that bull-looking
thing;
he's defeated. But we believe,
Father, that we are rising up with a
backbone like a crowbar. And we're not
satisfied with where we are;
we're coming up higher with the fire in
these last days. We're coming up higher
with the glory. Every
single one of us has
an
anticipation for the
manifestations of the glory in our
lives.
We pray over our oil refineries. We pray
over the oil refineries in Houston and
Joplin,
wherever all these
places—I'm
sorry if I don't remember them
all—and
Louisiana,
Tuttle,
Alabama, Mississippi, all
on the Gulf. We pray a hedge around
our refineries in the name of
Jesus that every plot, every plan, every
pursuit to try to kill, steal, and
destroy, and blow up our oil wells or
anything, I say you are thwarted tonight.
I call Homeland Security to rise up;
they will see it. FBI, CIA, whoever it
may be, and the NSA—I don't care.
Father, we just know that You know where
they're going to do it if they try to
do it, and when. All the things that we
need to know, You know it. And we thank
You, Lord, that we are not caught off
guard. Father, even in Madison
Square
Garden,
in Boston
over the marathon this weekend, over
Coachella, over these events, we thank
You, Lord, that every plot, every plan,
every pursuit... When I said
Coachella, I see a white snake.
I see a
side-winding-looking
rattlesnake that's a cobra
that's moving. This
snake—when
I said Coachella out of my
mouth, the snake rose up out of it. That
was a transparent-looking demon.
I see trafficking there.
I see trafficking of girls—young girls,
targets. They look
like they're in their 20s.
We call revival over these places. We
call a shaking to awaken.
So much ungodliness,
so many parties,
so many people just not thinking.
After a while, it's like, "Lord,
You've
got these big pythons and these
things around
them.
Shake them, Lord!
Wake them
up!"I
see Justin. He's on the stage. He has
his shirt off.
Has
he performed yet, or is
something coming?
I need to know.
I see Justin.
It's around these girls.
I see young girls.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
You protect young, innocent people.
But Father, they
need godly morals.
What do You say to some of this stuff
I'm seeing? I'm
trying to
look past all the moral stuff to
say, look at the heart of
the individual that God is after. He
wants
to protect that young girl
and these kids.
Now, like I said, I do not know when
Justin's going, but I see Justin. It's
something to do.
The
18th—that's
the day the Lord circled.
Justin was
scheduled Saturday at
11:26
PM; it
said
he did perform that night. The
weekend's
official
livestream
page shows his second weekend is
April 17th through 19th.
So is he coming on the 18th? Yeah.
If you have kids
that plan on going to something like
that,
I'd really try to tell them not to.
Pray about your
kids always going to mass events like
this
if they don't have adult supervision.
They need to have adults with
them if they're going to go watch a
concert. They don't need to
be just hanging out by themselves. You
say, "Well, I don't need you, Mom, to go
with me."Well, you know what?
I think you're a little too
young to go out by yourself to some
event, being a female, and not
have
somebody with you.
It's real smart to have a man with
you or an adult.
Kids try to have fun,
but
I see darkness around this.
I'm not familiar with it. I'm telling
you, I see something dark and I see a
snake
coming up out of this.
It's a transparent-looking demon.
Now, I see
people in
clothes that are promiscuous.
I see women that are not dressed
professionally.
I see people
that have loose morals
and I see open doors.
Why the Lord is showing this to me, I don't
know, but
this is the second time. And that's
interesting if it's the 18th, because
remember He said, "Watch the 18th.
Pray over the 18th."Pray over Boston. We will continue to pray over
this.
It
is
very
interesting to me because
I am
seeing the snake slither again, and
wondering what this is
about. Like I said, after
you look into something, I don't
want to add to or take away from
anything,
but instantaneously I have a caution.
Regardless of adding to or taking away, I
have a caution. There
is
something wrong.
Why is he showing this?
The 18th, praying over the Boston
Marathon weekend coming up—it is this
weekend.
Praying over this time frame
could be just for an individual person.
You never know
until the Lord lets you really play it
out. You could be praying for one
woman
and interceding for her
because
God has something
there. All I know is
I am
seeing it.
The spirit realm is very active, and
I will
tell you what, it is very
precise.
I just have to take a break for a
minute.
After a while, my flesh,
just like everybody's flesh, gets tired;
it pulls on me a lot.
The gift is a blessing, but it is a
lot. It pulls on my flesh,
and after I have been in
it for that long,
looking over
so many different things,
I just have to take a break for a
minute.
I want to pray more for this,
but
I just have to rest
for a second. It
has been
going on for over an hour and a half.
I can look over
longer and longer,
but whenever I reach my limit, I say, 'Okay,
I
have to
stop.'It
used to only be for about five minutes.
It
has
taken
years
to get to hours like this,
to be able to see
around and look at things.
Especially when the anointing gets
on me so strong like it is right now, my
ears are on fire.
But even I am just flesh.
Are
you ready, Lord? Do you want me to jump one
more time?
Do
you want me to look more or do you want me to
stop?
Okay.
I see a
storm. I see lightning at the top of the
storm. There
is
a storm at the base, but the lightning
coming off of it like a
sphere.
As I see this storm, I see darkness
in it. It is very dark. There
is
no lightning at
the base; it
is
all at the top, shooting off
like
a ball. I see
the lights.
Okay,
look up Columbine.
What is today?
Look at that.
Yes. When
did it take place?
I hear it.
So, it is the 20th. It
is
the anniversary. It
a spirit.
The 20th
is
Sunday,
then
Monday is the Boston Marathon. It
is
a spirit.
Do you get what I am telling you? It
is
all
connected. It
is
a spirit.
If I just need a little bit more,
Holy Spirit, I yield to you.
It
is
something to do with the spirit
behind Hitler. When did Hitler die?
It
is
about Hitler. It
a spirit.
April 30th.
I see
the swastika on his arm,
the mustache, and the
hair.
It
is
the same thing. It is attached to
Oklahoma City,
and I see Timothy McVeigh.
Look that up. When
is the date?
I see Hitler, Columbine, and Timothy
McVeigh. I see Coachella. It is all
like praying over this time frame from
Boston on the 18th. There
is
something in the spirit realm about
this; it
is
dark. April 19th
the
Oklahoma City bombing, and Hitler's birthday
is April 20th.
Do you see what I
am
talking about? I
seeing these events pop up before my
eyes. It is a spirit that is connected to
it:
Coachella and
the
Boston Marathon. I
am
hearing this and seeing
to
pray over these events. Pray over
the hospitals.
I see the Red Cross hospitals.
You
see the red cross again? I see it very
clearly.
You
will
have to write
this stuff down, honey, because I need
you
to help me remember
everything the Lord is showing me for
later.
So, it
is
Timothy McVeigh,
Hitler, and Columbine. It
is
the 20th and the 19th. This
is strategic by design.
The same with 89ers Day
in Oklahoma,
the land run
celebration—it
all goes together
somehow.
I
have
to go deeper.
Lord,
we just
lay
at your feet. We
cannot
do this on our own.
Holy Spirit, help
us to pray
and
show us what is going on. I
yield to you.
I am not doing this in my
own flesh
or
pushing.
I know by
your leading to pray for this. There
is
a spirit behind this.
Hitler's birthday is on the 20th,
and his death was on the 30th.
Why do I see Hitler,
Father? What is going on with
Hitler?
'It
is
a way of thinking, my son.'That
what He said.
We pray for all the Jews
around this time frame. I pray for
synagogues
and
Jewish communities around New
York and Boston. I pray a hedge
around them.
Thank you, Father, that you protect the
Jews.
We will not see any
act of terrorism,
mass shootings, or
plots
with explosive devices. We
will not see any
drones assigned to
anybody. Father, we thank you, Lord,
that it is brought to
naught
and it will not bear fruit over this
nation.
I ask, Father, for them to catch it,
that they will have the assignments to
pray for what they need. There
are
so many cities
and
nations represented here.
But
Father,
this time...
get on out of here!
Don't you look at me.
We're
covering
it like an onion with
layers,
Braden.
I
am
getting too tired, son. I
going to have to stop.
In my opinion,
going into this weekend and this
time frame until the Monday of
the
Boston Marathon, it should be
like a red alert. That
is
what I
am
feeling.
There
is
something
interesting to me:
it
is
a
spirit around the dates. It
is
demonic around the dates; it
not
a
coincidence. You have demonic
men born on these dates,
massive violence taking place in
Oklahoma City, and mass violence
happening at a school shooting.
Oklahoma City,
89ers Day...
I
am
talking about the darkness
that is associated with those days. They
are
all circling around
that time frame. That is not
normal.
Why
is
it
all around that? There is
a demonic
spirit.
As I am praying over
Coachella and this time frame,
why are these events scheduled for this
weekend
on
those
days?
Pray over
Boston.
We
will
continue
to
pray over this. It is very interesting to me because I am seeing the snake slither again, and I am wondering what
this
is
about.
Like
I
said,
after
you
look
into
something,
I don't want to
add to or take away from anything, but instantaneously I have a caution. Regardless of adding to or taking away, I have a caution. There is something wrong. Why is he showing this? The 18th, praying over the Boston Marathon weekend coming up—it is this weekend. Praying over this time frame could be just for an individual person. You never know until the Lord lets you really play it out. You could be praying for one woman and interceding for her because God has something
there. All I know is I am seeing it. The spirit realm is very active, and I will tell you what, it is very precise. I just have to take a break for a minute. After a while, my flesh, just like everybody's flesh, gets tired; it pulls on me a lot. The gift is a blessing, but it is a lot. It pulls on my flesh, and after I have been in it for that long, looking over
so many different things, I just have to take a break for a minute. I want to pray more for this, but I just have to rest for a second. It has been going on for over an hour and a half. I can look over longer and longer, but whenever I reach my limit, I say, 'Okay, I have to stop.'It used to only be for about five minutes. It has taken years to get to hours like this, to be able to see around and look at things. Especially when the anointing gets on me so strong like it is right now, my ears are on fire. But even I am just flesh. Are you ready, Lord? Do you want me to jump one more time? Do you want me to look more or do you want me to stop? Okay. I see a storm. I see lightning at the top of the storm. There is a storm
at the base,
but the lightning is coming off of it like a sphere. As I see this storm, I see darkness in it. It is very dark. There is no lightning at the base; it is all at the top, shooting off like a ball. I see the lights. Okay, look up Columbine. What is today? Look at that. Yes. When did it take place? I hear it. So, it is the 20th. It is the anniversary. It is a spirit. The 20th is Sunday, then Monday is the Boston Marathon. It is a spirit. Do you get what I am telling you? It is all connected. It is a spirit. If I just need a little bit more, Holy Spirit, I yield to you. It is
something to do with the spirit behind Hitler.
When did Hitler die? It is about Hitler. It is a spirit. April 30th. I see the swastika on his arm, the mustache, and the hair. It is the same thing. It is attached to Oklahoma City, and I see Timothy McVeigh. Look that up. When is the date? I see Hitler, Columbine, and Timothy McVeigh. I see Coachella. It is all like praying over this time frame from Boston
on the 18th. There is something
in the spirit realm about this;
it is dark. April 19th is
the Oklahoma City bombing, and Hitler's
birthday is April 20th. Do you
see what I am talking about? I am seeing these events pop up before my eyes. It is a spirit that is connected to it: Coachella and the Boston Marathon. I am hearing this and seeing to pray over these events. Pray over the hospitals. I see the Red Cross hospitals. You see the red cross again? I see it very clearly. You will have to write this stuff down, honey, because I need you to help me remember everything the Lord is showing me for later. So, it is Timothy McVeigh, Hitler, and Columbine. It is the 20th and the 19th. This is strategic by design. The same with 89ers Day in Oklahoma, the land run celebration—it all goes together somehow. I have to go deeper. Lord, we just lay at your feet. We cannot do this on our own. Holy Spirit, help us to pray and show us
what is going on. I yield to you. I am not doing this in my own flesh or pushing. I know by your leading to pray for this. There is a spirit behind this. Hitler's birthday is on the 20th, and his death was on the 30th. Why do I see Hitler, Father? What is going on with Hitler? 'It is a way of thinking, my son.'That is what
He said. We pray for all the Jews around this time frame. I pray for synagogues and Jewish communities around New York and Boston. I pray a hedge around them. Thank you, Father, that you protect the Jews. We will not see any act of terrorism, mass shootings, or plots with explosive devices. We will not see any drones assigned to anybody. Father, we thank you, Lord, that it is brought to naught and it will not bear fruit over this nation. I ask, Father, for them to catch it, that they will have the assignments to pray for what they need. There are so many cities and nations represented here. But Father, this time... get on out of here! Don't you look at me. We're covering it like an onion with layers, Braden. I
am getting too tired, son. I am going to have to
stop. In my opinion, going into this weekend and this time
frame until the Monday of the Boston Marathon, it should
be like a red alert. That is what I am feeling. There is something interesting to me: it is a spirit around the dates. It is demonic around the dates; it is not a coincidence. You have demonic men born on these dates, massive violence taking place in Oklahoma City,
and mass violence happening at a school shooting. Oklahoma City, 89ers Day... I am talking about the darkness that is associated with those days. They are all circling around that time frame. That is not normal. Why is it all around that? There is a demonic spirit. As I am
praying over
Coachella
and this
time
frame, why
are
these events
scheduled
for this
weekend
on those days?